Remove links or references to deprecated images and Docker Hub (#7373)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/docker-layer-caching.md

## Examples
{: #examples }

> Let's use the following Dockerfile to illustrate how Docker layer caching works. This example Dockerfile is adapted from our [Elixir legacy convenience image](https://hub.docker.com/r/circleci/elixir/~/dockerfile):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us the following Dockerfile to illustrate how Docker layer caching works. This example Dockerfile is adapted from our [Elixir legacy convenience image](https://hub.docker.com/r/circleci/elixir/~/dockerfile):
```
